docs/project-deliverables/presentation.md, before:

# Project Presentation

The Project Presentation is the final deliverable of the team project. The team
must present its work from Concept, to Alpha, and finally the Beta release. The
presentation should concentrate more on *how* the team completed the project
more than *what* was delivered. However, a live demonstration of the Beta
release must be a part of the project.

Other specific requirements include:

- Each team member must participate individually and equally in the
  presentation.

- The presentation must allow approximately 2 or 3 minutes for questions and
  answers at the end.

- The presentation, including Q&A, should last approximately 15 minutes without
  exceeding this time.

- Each team member must individually upload a copy of the presentation slides to
  Canvas by the due date indicated.

- Each team member will receive an individual grade for the presentation, and
  this grade will be assigned per the grading rubric in Canvas.

**Each team member must upload the same deliverable for the Project Presentation.**

Commit message:

Update with resources per Karen

docs/project-deliverables/presentation.md, after:

# Project Presentation

The Project Presentation is the final deliverable of the team project. The team
must present its work from Concept, to Alpha, and finally the Beta release. The
presentation should concentrate more on *how* the team completed the project
more than *what* was delivered. 

## Requirements

- Each team member must participate individually and equally in the
  presentation.

- The presentation must include a live demonstration of the Beta release.

- The presentation must allow approximately 2 or 3 minutes for questions and
  answers at the end.

- The presentation, including Q&A, should last approximately 15 minutes without
  exceeding this time.

- Each team member must dress and present themselves professionally. Business
casual or business professional is strongly recommended.

- Each team member must individually upload a copy of the presentation slides to
  Canvas by the due date indicated.

- Each team member will receive an individual grade for the presentation, and
  this grade will be assigned per the grading rubric in Canvas.

- **Each team member must upload the same deliverable for the Project Presentation.**


## Helpful Resources

- **Presentation Preparation**: The Auburn University Office of Undergraduate
Research provides an excellent guide to preparing presentations. The guidelines
are general enough to be applicable to most any presentation, not just those
focused on research.
[https://our.auburn.edu/presentation-preparation/](https://our.auburn.edu/presentation-preparation/)

- **Professional Dress and Attire**: The College of Engineering's Office of
Career Development and Corporate Relations (CDCR) provides clear definitions
and examples of important terms such as *business professional*, *business
casual*, and *casual* attire.
[https://eng.auburn.edu/cdcr/undergraduate/professional-dress](https://eng.auburn.edu/cdcr/undergraduate/professional-dress)

- **Campus Career Closet**: The Auburn University Office of Career Discovery
and Success provides a resource to help students who would not otherwise have
access to appropriate professional attire obtain needed clothes and accessories
for various professional situations.
[https://career.auburn.edu/resources/campus-career-closet/](https://career.auburn.edu/resources/campus-career-closet/)
