# All Access Information

> Note: This information is provided by the AU Bookstore, not the course staff.
> For questions regarding All Access, please contact Russell Weldon at
> 334-844-1352 or `books@auburn.edu`.

## What is All Access?

All Access is Auburn’s program of delivering course materials to you digitally.
Sometimes this will be a textbook, sometimes an access code. Your instructor has
coordinated with the Bookstore to deliver this content for the course and help
make sure you have what you need. All Access makes sure you are ready the first
day of class, and the material is so much cheaper with this delivery that it’s
the best way we can help you succeed in your courses at Auburn….financially and
academically.

## What content am I getting?

For this course, ENGR 1110, you’re getting access for the semester to two items:
the zyBooks required e-book for this course, and the *Leading with Cultural
Intelligence* e-book by Livermore.

## How do I find it?

zyBooks access: Your instructor will let you know how to access zyBooks in
class.  

Livermore book: Totally easy to find….look on the lefthand side of the course
page in Canvas and you’ll find the content under the RedShelf link.  If you have
any trouble, check out this link:
[https://solve.redshelf.com/hc/en-us/articles/360007684453-How-to-Access-Through-Canvas](https://solve.redshelf.com/hc/en-us/articles/360007684453-How-to-Access-Through-Canvas)

## What does it cost?

For the first two weeks of class, everyone gets this content for free.  All
students in this course start as opted in to pay for the content for the course.
The price you’ll be billed is $83.95 for zyBooks access, and the Livermore book
is $16.95.

If you want to opt out and not be charged, all you have to do is follow the
instructions (see
[https://www.aubookstore.com/t-txt_allaccessoptout1.aspx](https://www.aubookstore.com/t-txt_allaccessoptout1.aspx)).
You’ll lose access at the end of the second week, unless you’ve purchased it on
your own.

You can opt out of one or both titles, if needed.

## How do I pay?

If you’re still opted in on February 2, then we’ll send the charge to your next
ebill.  This will be labeled as the course on your ebill so you’ll know. You’ll
get a reminder on February 1 to remind you about the deadline. 

## What if I'm on scholarship?

We can charge All Access content to any scholarship that we charge at the
Bookstore.  Those will be done automatically when we bill.

## What is the refund policy?

After the opt out deadline, we can only offer refunds to students who have
dropped the course or withdrawn from the university. That’s why the opt out
deadline will be crucial for you to decide if you want to be charged or not.

## What if I need help?

- RedShelf help is available at
  [http://solve.redshelf.com](http://solve.redshelf.com).

- For most digital content in All Access, Google Chrome works best as a browser
  and you’ll want to make sure it’s up to date.  

- I’m always happy to help as well, especially if you have a question about All
  Access or something doesn't look right.  Russell Weldon `books@auburn.edu` or
  844-1352

- Also, [http://aub.ie/allaccess](http://aub.ie/allaccess) has more info as
  well.

